Linked LICENSE text to original LICENSE (#17)
yahoo/covid-19-dashboard: README.md

## License

> This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 open source license. Please read [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the full terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 open source license. Please refer to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) for the full terms.
```
